Welcome to Poker International Limited! Over here, we welcome absolutely anyone, whether your new to Poker or the Poker King (we need your money after all). Today, however, that's not why we have called you here. We need your help, Semaj Dnob. Agent 700, you are going to hack into the facility of a fraud organisation Pokr Intnationl Lmited. They have been committing crimes resulting in our good name being brought down. Their facility server has four firewalls. You will have to sequentially destroy each of the four firewalls. We are not sure what the firewalls are but we will be sure to guide you along the way. Good luck!
Welcome, Agent Dnob. We have been expecting you. As you can see, there are four firewalls waiting to be breached. Oh, you think it will be easy? Think again. In any case, since we pride ourselves on our hospitality, why don't we give you a trial round to get used to the game? In this trial round you will be shown a set of five playing cards. You will have to identify what Poker hand it is.
Well, now that you are used to it, let us begin the real game. On another note, if you aren't used to it yet, Poker International sent the wrong agent. BWAHAHAHAHA!!! This time, you will be shown a set of six playing cards. You will have to identify the best five-card hand out of the six cards. You need at least 6 out of 10 points to break the first firewall.
You made it out of that? Perhaps I underestimated you. Anyway. LET'S. PLAY. POKER. The second firewall is a prototypic Poker AI we created to help us with our evil schemes. You will play a one-on-one game against the AI. Both of you will start with $200. You will play four hands against each other. You have to make at least $50 to progress to the next round. A small hint, this guy doesn't like big bets.
Nice job, Agent Dnob. At this point, I'm considering hiring you as a free agent. In any case, let us move on, shall we? The next firewall is similar to the first one. But we've UPPED THE ANTE! You'll be shown a set of seven playing cards. You once again have to identify the hand shown to you. You get 1 point for a right answer and lose 1 point for a wrong answer. You need to get 6 out of 10 points to break the third firewall.
Not bad Dnob. By the way, what kind of name is that? Dnob? More like Snob. Lmao. Anyway, welcome to the final firewall. I will cut to the chase. You will have to play a final Poker game against our more advanced AI. You will each start with $400. You will once again play four hands. If you make $100, you will destroy the fourth and final firewall. Trust me, it won't be easy.
Oh my, I wasn't expecting this. You truly are the Poker King, Agent Dnob. So for now, this is farewell.
Disconnecting from server...
Well done Agent Dnob, I knew you could do it. Congratulations!
You win the game!
